README.md, before:

# Pixi examples guidelines: #

This is the new repository for the pixi examples.
In the previous one, each example was a JavaScript file, we moved away from this and it is now an HTML file that can be opened on its own.

The iframe that displays the examples is **800 * 600**, consequently please avoid creating a renderer that is larger than these dimensions.


## How to run the project ##

This micro-site is built using HTML and jQuery and can be run on your local server without additional requirements.

## Project structure ##

All the examples are stored in the ``` examples/js ``` folder and loaded via the ``` examples/manifest.json ``` file.

All the assets are stored in ``` examples/assets ```.

Every sub-folder in the examples folder corresponds to a sub-menu in the website's sidebar.

## How to create an example ##

You can use the basic example as a template, it is located in [```examples/js/basics/basic.js```](examples/js/basics/basic.js).
All you need to do is copy and paste this file to where you think your example belongs within the examples/js folder structure, and change the contents to make a new example. You will then also need to update the examples/manifest.json to allow the menu to point to your new example.

Commit message:

Es6 and v5 (#68)
* Updated examples to ES6, and used latest v5 APIs, so no more deprecation warnings

* Remove Modernizr and jquery mobile

* Updated to make this a v5 only examples area, with no need to worry about backwards compatibility.
That can be found at https://github.com/pixijs/examples-v4 now

* Updated version number
Enabled Spine examples as they work now
Correctly select latest 'dev' rather than 'release', as v5 doesn't yet have an official release

* Valid versions for examples are only v5

README.md, after:

# Pixi v5 examples guidelines: #

This is the repository for examples using version 5 of PixiJS.

The iframe that displays the examples is **800 * 600**, consequently please avoid creating a renderer that is larger than these dimensions.

## How to run the project ##

This micro-site is built using HTML and jQuery and can be run on your local server without additional requirements.

If you change the site code within `src/js/pixi-examples.js` or any styling within `src/less` you will need to rebuild the project.
After installing dependencies via `npm i`, you can perform a one off projection build via `npm run build`, or start a watch process for development via `npm run watch`.

## Project structure ##

All the examples are stored in the `examples/js` folder and loaded via the ` examples/manifest.json` file.

All the assets are stored in `examples/assets`.

Every sub-folder in the examples folder corresponds to a sub-menu in the website's sidebar.

## How to create an example ##

You can use the basic example as a template, it is located in [```examples/js/demos-basic/container.js```](examples/js/demos-basic/container.js).
All you need to do is copy and paste this file to where you think your example belongs within the `examples/js` folder structure, and change the contents to make a new example. You will then also need to update the `examples/manifest.json` to allow the menu to point to your new example.
